Right, let me share my screen,
maybe I'll share my whole screen.
Can you guys see this or these tools?
Yep.
Would you be able to maximise it then ago?
Maybe because I'm on my big screen,
just I don't know what I can do.
No, I can't.
Maybe I'll reach on to my other screen.
Yeah.
Can you guys see now?
Better.
Yeah.
Better.
Yeah.
All right.
Cool.
So.
So the API.
So I think we were on API the other day,
so I'll bring on my BS code here.
So the API code is in here.
So I think going back to the diagram,
so you can see the API,
API talks to database.
So I'll talk about Azure a little bit.
Let me go back to my browser.
So this is, for example,
this is the Azure resource group that
we've got for.
So we got a separate resource group for
Sam.
So this is the dev SIM resource group.
So the, the,
the there's a lot of networking stuff
here that you don't need to worry about.
That's all Azure will.
You know, Azure team will take care of it.
I think even the app Service plan you
don't need to worry about.
I think the resources that you need to
worry about is this is the app service,
so this is where the API is hosted and so
this API talks to this keyboard.
So all the secrets that it needs to
integrate,
it reads secrets from the keyboard and
the way it authenticates to keyboard.
So you need to authenticate.
When you connect into keyword you need to
authenticate to it.
So the way it connects is using Managed
Service identity and the API logs to
Application insights.
So I say the if you're having any issues
with the API,
the 1st place to go is go to this
application insight and have a look the
keyword authentication.
Is there any specific account we need to
use it or do you have access to it?
Personal account.
So, so for example, app service, yeah,
have its own identity.
So if you go to settings identity,
so you can see say it has its own
identity system assigned identity, OK.
And if you go to keyboard,
so you can see keyword has this access
policy thing access policies.
So you can see that web app have access
to this keyword.
So it has the secret permissions to it.
And you can see myself and Pradeep has it,
so I'll while I'm at it,
I'll let you do it.
So if you so you you'll be able to add it.
Is it?
Yeah.
You don't want any diver to do it?
No, No, you don't.
You don't need to do it.
OK, you can do it.
Secrets next.
So this one, now what's your account?
This is the account, right?
3467, yeah, yeah.
So it'll be the account,
not your normal account.
Need to be added.
Yeah.
So now you should have access to this
keyboard and if you go to the secrets tab
here under objects,
these are all the secrets.
So.
So normally when you ask for app
registration, the Azure team,
they put credentials here.
So this is the first one is the app
service for the Web API to connect to
Databus Yep.
And this is the app registration for B to
C to connect to API.
And this service app registration is used
for deployment.
So when so I mentioned that the policies
and content and everything get deployed
from the pipeline Yep.
So it uses this app registration to
connect.
So if any app registration request,
then we need to ask do you you I don't
think you need anything new.
So yeah,
everything is already provisioned here.
So OK, app IDs and secrets are here.
So if you go here,
so you can see the app ID.
So this is the app registration that we
use to connect to for the automation.
All right,
So basically for the Web API you created,
this is mainly for linking that B to C
user to the databus contact, is it?
So there is two things right from B to C
to yeah, other things as well.
So the first thing it does is so when
when the RN is entered,
it goes and verify the RN Yeah.
So if you go back to the.
API itself on the screen so you can see
so impacted individual have few endpoints,
so verify is 1 endpoint.
So that's just purely get the RN and date
of birth and find the contact and return
the contact ID, right.
So that that's what it does.
And then there's also another endpoint
called link.
So what link does is what you just
mentioned, right?
So it goes and build the link between the
BTC 2 database,
BTC GUID and the contact GUID right in in
database.
And also there are couple of other
endpoints.
One endpoint is to update the email
address.
So, so,
so there's also so So what what happens
is when the email address is verified,
Yeah,
email address is used as the primary
email, right?
Yep.
And then the emails are getting shifted.
So if there's already a primary email,
then that becomes secondary.
So that logic lives in the update email.
So if they are using a primary email ID,
signed up with B to C and then in CRM,
if they are changing the email ID,
what will happen?
Do we have any logic?
No, we don't have that, right.
So that's something maybe you guys need
to implement in the future, right.
So, so yeah,
or we are not allowing them to modify the
primary email.
That's right.
Yeah, we're not doing that now,
but we may have to do it in the future,
right?
So, so currently it's only one way.
So yeah.
So it only get set during sign up.
So whatever the login email address gets
set as primary and the other email
addresses get shifted down, right?
Yeah, same goes for mobile app, right.
So once the MFA is done, yeah.
So we set the mobile number as a primary
mobile number and shift all the other
mobile numbers down.
OK, Yeah.
So those endpoints are there,
but I'll maybe another day I'll talk
through we'll need to add more endpoints
for RMA.
So, so these two thing Danica,
it's from the B to C screen.
You're talking about change email,
change phone number or in CRM.
I mean my power pages you're talking
about.
No, no, no,
it's from it's from these screens, right?
So it's from the B to C screens, right?
Yeah, that's what I want to Yeah.
So,
so when they verify the email address and
hit sign up, Yeah, right.
So what the B to C back end will do first
still we'll call the verify endpoint and
verify the date of birth and ARN.
Yeah, ARN, right.
And brings back the contact ID to B to C,
Yep.
So then what B to C does is B to C will
create the user in the B to C, OK, right.
So once if,
if the AR contact is ARN is valid, right?
Yes.
So once the new contact the user is
created,
the next thing for B to C to do is update
the email address, right?
So it'll update the email address as the
primary email address.
And then the last thing for B to C to do
is go and create the link.
Yeah, between contact and B to C Yeah.
So that all happens after clicking this
button in the code behind, right,
B to C That's it.
It's a custom coding link.
It's a custom coding, right?
Yeah.
The B to C policy will call Bang, bang,
bang.
These orchestrate these events in
sequence.
Yeah.
And then next screen last for MFA.
So once the MFA is verified,
so when you go to the next screen,
so once it's verified,
it'll call the update mobile endpoint.
OK.
It, it is from these three screens,
not from Portal.
Yeah, got it.
Yeah, Portal side,
we haven't done anything right.
So,
so this is where the user profile change
email address and mobile update mobile
will come into play.
So you can call the you can have a
separate policy.
And so I,
I think the way that we sort of decide we
thought that would happen is so there
will be a link in the profile page to go
and update the login email address or the
mobile number, right?
So that link will redirect user to B to C
and B to C will show a change email
address field and a change mobile number
field, right.
Once they change the B to C back end,
similar to the sign up,
we'll call these APIs, right?
OK, Yep.
And we'll go and change the mobile number
and the email address after changing it
in B to C.
So B to C is sort of considered as the
source of truth for the primary mobile
number and primary email ID.
So so I think Jamie agreed to not to
allow changing the primary email address
and mobile number from CRM.
So it it will always be a self service
thing.
So user will need to log in and change
the change the login email address and
the mobile which is not implemented right.
So this is something probably you guys
need to implement later down the track.
So we're so we we're on click of this
create button in the BDC screen how the
code is LinkedIn the Azure back end yes.
So let's get to that then.
So, so you can see so,
so as I mentioned in the other
yesterday's session,
so this is the starting point, right?
Yep, sign in sign up policy.
So this is what renders the those screens
I shared before, right?
So this sort of the starting point.
And you can see, as I explained before,
policies sort of have a hierarchy, right?
So this is the, the sort of like the,
the top level, the derived class.
If you, if you, if you think about it,
right?
So you can see there's a base policy.
Yeah.
And you,
you can see a default journey here, right?
So the BDC has this journey concept.
So all that is a sign up journey,
sign in journey and passive reset journey.
There are journeys, right?
So journey consists of different steps.
So let's go to, let's go and find this.
So, so,
so if you find the policy that you start
with,
and then the next thing to look at is,
yeah, this is the extension policy.
And extension policy you need to look for
the journey.
So here.
So if I go to so you can see a user
journey, right?
Yeah, user journey is a bunch of steps,
right?
So you can see they're ordered.
So first step in here is so you remember
that when we actually browsed the default
DNS, it was blocked, yes.
And then we had to use the custom DNS to
access it, right?
So these first three steps are there to
handle that.
So just blocking the default DNS and only
allowing the custom DNS to access the
policy, right.
And this Step 4 is you remember that we
had a requirement so so in in in the
portal home page, we added sign up button.
Yeah.
So,
so that was done through a query string
parameter, right?
So yes, correct.
Yeah.
So what portal did was it added the
additional query string parameter.
So this is actually this first step.
The Step 4 is reading that query string
parameter.
OK,
so we are passing some written URL or
something as well, right?
Yeah.
So that that's it's default B to C
behaviour, right.
So B to C behaviour from B from there,
see.
So you can actually see what actually
happens here, like if you go to this here.
Yeah,
so it's pretty much reading options
parameter.
So I think we named it as option option.
And so,
so there's a claims transformation.
I, I,
I think I probably won't dig deep into
this.
This is more if I dig deep into it,
we're going down the B to C sort of nitty
gritty path, right?
OK, yeah,
it'll be too much information for you
guys.
I'll, I'll keep it high level.
So this is pretty much checking whether
the option is there and then if the
option is there.
So,
so these are sort of like for each step
there are preconditions.
So you can say if this precondition is
false, then skip this step, right?
So this this pretty much says if the URL
has the sign up flow,
just go directly to the the sign up
journey, right?
And yeah.
So if it is not there,
then go to we'll start from the sign in,
right?
So that means that you get you'll have
the sign in screen displayed and you have
the sign up link at the bottom.
But you can direct directly get
redirected to the sign up page if that
option URL present query string parameter
presenting the URL.
OK, and then so OK, so now let's go to.
So let's say that we've landed in the
sign up, right?
So let's see what's the sign up does
right?
So,
so this is this this screen pretty much
so that that that output claims renders
this screen, right?
So if you go back to it,
so you can see output claims,
you can see email address,
email address need to be verified and it
is required.
And there's the password message and then
the new password need to be entered,
password need to be reentered to confirm.
So that's, that's all that sign up page,
right?
And then the ARN message,
ARN field and date of birth field,
that's all the sign up controls, right?
And so so this is that bit that I was
talking about where B to C calls the Web
API, right?
The press.
So so we say so after so so this is the
this is the bit that get run after
hitting that create button,
sign up button, right?
So it says go and get the access token
first.
And then call verify endpoint and create
write the B to C user into the B to C and
then then create a link.
OK,
this this this is this is that
orchestration piece of code.
OK, so this reference ID,
you put it here where we are getting it.
Call API to verify you have some mapping
or is this the name of the code like the
rest get the reference IDs,
the highlighter reference IDs.
How we are getting this reference ID
where we are mapping this?
This is the mapping reference ID.
You mean this one here?
Yeah.
So getting the access token.
So if you deep dive into the access token
so you can see it's.
So what it does is it calls the Azure ID
or two endpoint to get the token.
So this is getting replaced right from
the SMSI mentioned before.
So this is coming from the config right?
So tenant ID is coming from tenant ID.
Is this right?
So so that GUID get replaced here and you
can see it reads the username which is
the client ID and the secret.
This is what I showed yesterday, right?
So if you go back to the,
you go back to B to C.
Go back to.
Maybe I'll go to test.
Test is clear.
You're going to the B to C so you can see.
So you need to get the client ID and the
secret right?
So client ID and the secret is read from.
Remember the policy keys.
So policy keys hold the client ID and the
secret.
So what it does it is it gets the client
ID and the secret and call this token
endpoint and that token endpoint returns
access token to.
Access token is saved to as a claim and
you can see if I go to all API to verify.
So this this is this is our endpoint,
right.
So the second thing to do is call the
verify endpoint and use the token as the
authentication header so BTC can
authenticate.
It's basically a mapping the XML where
and what to get it.
Yeah, right.
Yeah, yeah, yeah,
it's it's its own programming crappy
programming language yeah.
And which is XML based.
This is all going to change in so B2 CS
already deprecated so you can't create
new BTC tenants anymore.
So it's been sort sort of what do you
call lifetime has been ended.
So there's,
there's a new thing called new technology
called external inter ID.
The B to C is replaced with external
inter ID.
So are we going this B to C to prod or
not?
Do we we going because Pradeep needs to
get the because external inter ID is new.
So it's needs approval from DUA to for us
to use it.
So that takes time.
So,
so we got three years to use B to C but
after three years we have to push the
mark the new one, right?
Yeah.
And then live.
Yeah.
This need to be converted into intro ID.
So that doesn't have this crappy XML
language.
It's it's more API driven.
OK, yeah.
So anyway,
so that's how you sort of navigate
through the policies.
So,
so the place to start is the user journey
and then so depending on the claims,
some steps get skipped like for example,
if you're doing a signing in,
then sign up step will get skipped.
Or if you're directly browsing from the
using a URL with a query string parameter,
then also the some of the steps are
skipped, so this is this is again,
this is if you're coming from the sign in
screen and hit the sign up link so you'll
get landed.
It uses the same function you can think
of as a technical profile.
As a function it uses the same technical
profile as what I showed before and after
sign in or sign up,
it reads the complete user.
So so object ID.
So you can see object ID in many places
right?
So object ID is the ID of the user,
that GUI that we linked to the contact ID.
So we didn't have B to C in the B to C,
Yes, OK, yeah, yeah.
So it uses the object ID to read the
complete user again.
And so this user verification step is I
think we're going to get rid of it in,
in RMS so that this user verification
step is there.
For example,
if the user goes through sign up and when
they presented with MFA,
they leave without doing MFA, right?
And because by the time you get to the
MFA screen,
your user account is already created,
you you'll have a username and a password.
So you can log in, right?
So because they haven't created the MFA,
so we added the additional security step.
If they log it,
try to log in without doing completing
the MFA,
we'll ask the ARN and date of birth again
and then get them to do the force them to
do MF MFA set up if they try to sign in.
OK, Yeah.
But I don't know,
you might not continue with that because
like for example,
RMA RTO sign up doesn't have any
additional cheques, right?
Just the RN?
Yeah, you might not do that, Yeah.
So the next step is, hey,
before you move on to the next step.
Sorry, Tinuka.
Yeah.
So these XMLS, right,
do they get generated when you create the
policy like default and then you
customise on top of those ones or you
just create from scratch?
These XML files create from scratch,
but there there is a good repo B to C
samples GitHub yeah, this this repo here.
So I'll put a link into this chat.
So this has like so many policy examples
for many different scenarios,
right There is this this sort of examples?
Yeah,
this least like the your go to place the
the documentation is crappy.
So if you wanna do something,
you start from here.
OK, So once you create these XMLS, right?
Yeah.
How do you link with the policy in Azure
portal?
So these are like you,
you work on your local,
you have it on your Visual Studio yeah,
repo, right.
So yeah.
How do you link these ones with the
policy that you create like or how do you
link the policies into Azure portal?
Yeah.
So you upload the policy like for example,
say if you go to custom policies,
so and then you can upload it.
OK, so you to XML, OK,
but make sure that you don't.
So there's two folders, right.
So as I said, so they are policies with.
So at the road level,
the policies are with placeholders, right.
So it won't accept those policies like
for example,
if I try to upload this policy.
Yeah, right.
So you can because it's only they existed.
And then there are it says like there's
something called config tenant name,
which I don't know, right?
You need to always up compile it first.
Yeah, OK,
The compiled version is always in in the
environments folder and then upload it
from there.
OK.
It is used like this upload.
That's a good validation, right?
So, so you can see that there was error,
right?
Yeah.
So it'll tell you that if your policy
have issues, OK.
So when you compile these variables that
you have defined on the XML will be
replaced with the corresponding
environment name and then it gets
uploaded.
OK, that's right.
So that that was the command I was
showing the other day.
Yeah, this command here, right.
So this command the prepare B to C
policies one when you provide environment
name, yeah,
compile it and put it into the
environment policies folder.
So which is which is the one need to get
uploaded to B to C?
If you do,
we have reference of these commands
somewhere stored in the report or like
you don't have something,
these ones have secrets, right?
So we don't put anything with secrets in
here.
But if you create some high level
document then you just hide that,
but you can mention it.
This needs to be a secret because we
don't know these comments at all.
So yeah,
but but these commands are only needed
for your local development, right?
So, yeah,
we are not getting a planning for it.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, I can maybe.
OK, I'll, I'll,
I'll think about how to yeah,
how to document these commands.
Yeah,
that local development commands for you
guys to sort of running because I mean
these all the secrets are coming from
keyboard anyway, right.
So,
so I can put keyboard references so you
can read the keyboard and put the command
together and then then run it.
Yeah, sure.
Thanks Tanuka.
And and one other thing was that so if I
go to here, this is the compiled version.
So you can see the policy can be run as
in development mode.
So which is also helpful, right?
So when you're debugging your policies,
so you may not have validation error,
yeah, but your policy still could fail,
right.
So,
So what I've done is there's the
development mode.
And if when you put policy into
development mode,
you can configure application inside
logging.
So whatever the I'll maybe let's let's do
that.
Let's do a.
It's going to be the C.
It's new their portal it's to sign up in
dev.
Yeah, let's verify the email address.
Hopefully this I'll use my email address.
And verify my email address.
So we'll get a email soon.
How you're sending that email then?
OK, that's Microsoft.
So we're not we don't have any custom
email providers or anything like that.
It's just out of the box.
So from Azure you can connect to Exchange
Server and then send it.
Is it or you have like templates that you
send it?
No,
the I mean out of the box 1 doesn't allow
you to do templates and stuff.
It just gives you just vanilla OK
template.
But if you wanna do custom template
custom emails,
then you need to have like send grid or
some custom provider.
But we haven't gone down that path.
We just use out of the box speak email
email service.
It's like an API you call and then it
sends the email to the No BTC does all
that.
OK,
that that remember that in the policy
that we had MFA?
Yeah, step, yeah, that step that's all,
all sending and verifying all that is
done by B to C We don't have call any
additional APIs.
Let's put password and let's put a
invalid random stuff,
random date of birth & up.
So now this will fail.
So what I'm going to show you is what
actually happened.
So it's not a valid DRN.
So if you go back to Azure and
Application Insights, go search,
maybe it would last 30 minutes,
might take some time.
So you can see these are logs from B to C
so you can see.
I mean I wouldn't deep dive into it.
You need B to C understanding to figure
out what's wrong and what's going on.
But the logs are here.
So if you know B to C what you've learned
B to C, you can find the logs here.
And also you should see the API logs.
Might take a couple of minutes for the
logs to come through.
These logs are enabled in prod also.
Yeah, OK,
it's but it it it has different log level,
right?
As I showed you before,
it doesn't have the development mode.
It has production mode.
So you you won't see the these traces.
You can't get to this this level of
detail.
But any errors it will log.
OK, so you can see.
There's, if you go to one of these, right,
you can see verify fared with 400.
You can see it called the IT called the
database ARN table yeah endpoint and it
returned 400 the the API itself written
400,
but the erm code was successful because
it was just squaring right.
So it was just yeah,
you can see so you can see what what it
actually did.
So this is this is the actual database
code that the API made.
So you can you can fully debug.
So you can write your custom log entries
as well.
Custom log entries will appear in the
Application Insight as well.
So, so any,
any issue with so you can see there's a
failed request,
any issue with authentication,
the first place to go is Application
Insight and come here and check whether
there are any errors.
And yeah,
so you can see an exception message
written by the API.
And yeah,
so you can see the verify codes like if I
go to production now.
So this this is because we have this is
not a real error.
It's it's it's returning four O 4 because
it's it in in in production,
we have keep alive setting turned on.
So what,
what when the keep alive setting is
turned on,
it doesn't let the API go into sleep.
And so the Azure keeps pinging it and
that ping end point returns four O 4.
So that's why it's, it's,
it's showing 404.
But so in in low environments,
we don't have keep alive setting turned
on,
but in production we do because we don't
want the API to go to sleep.
And then BDC calls to sort of time out
last 30 minutes.
No one use the API, no one signed up.
It'll be 24 hours.
Yeah, it's you can see this,
you can see the sequence as well.
You can see the verify happens 1st and
then that person linked and.
The next thing is they've done the MFA,
yeah, things like that.
So you can really we can figure out.
So you can also see so who signed up so
which you can get the contact guide if
you have issues,
then you can track it back to CRM.
And also so there's a Microsoft.
So you can see there are 717 exceptions,
right?
Let's go to exceptions.
Now that's you can philtre,
you can say I just want to look at the
exceptions.
So these exceptions are fine, right?
So someone already signed up trying to
sign up again.
So which is a valid error.
This is the era that we're investigating.
This era is intermittent and I don't
think it's impacting individuals.
So what something for you guys to note is
any exceptions logged by B to C,
it will be under B to C_A RIGHT, and?
Correlation ID IS the most important
thing so.
When you get the correlation ID YOU,
can go into the B TO CB TO Co SO.
These are all custom policy logging right,
today's?
Also another set of logs which I DON'T
have access to Pradeep Have access so.
You can go pick the correlation ID AND go
query those logs like the audit logs &
in logs,
they they're B to C out of the box logs
in in in in B to C So Microsoft is
currently investigating why this happens
time to time,
but seems like people can sign up,
no complaints.
They're also struggling.
What's going on with this exception?
Looks weird, but yeah,
I think that's pretty much the diagnostic
side of it.
I'm sorry, Dinuka,
if you've already mentioned that,
have you said like where we are enabling
once you create the policy, right?
How we are enabling these logs?
Is there like when you create it,
it it by default Azure keeps a trace or
log of these policies?
Or do you have a specific area where you
go and enable it?
Yeah,
So enable it is where I showed before,
right.
So if you go to the site, your policy,
Yeah.
So not, not not those base policies,
right.
Your root policy, OK, where you start.
And so there's this connection string.
Yeah,
that's the application inside connection.
You need to configure the application
inside connection string here.
OK, OK.
So that links the policy and the
application inside.
And also this the the mode is also
important because that sort of determines
the level of logging, right?
So if you put it to development mode,
then you can see all the debug traces,
right?
So when you put it to production,
you only see exceptions.
OK, yeah,
that that's that's why we can't really
get to the bottom of the those production
exceptions that those exceptions,
they don't happen in non prod,
but we don't want to put the policies
into development state in production.
So we can't really know.
We don't know where the exception is
actually is coming from because that that
looking at that exception,
that exception is useless.
It doesn't it doesn't say what happened.
It just says an internal error occurred.
That's it.
So that's why we put it back to Microsoft,
which is have a look and let us know
what's actually going on here,
because they, they should,
they should know what's going on.
You see, as I said,
the most important thing is the
correlation ID.
So we,
we provided correlation ID to the
Microsoft, they can pinpoint it.
This exception,
can we not enable that to development
mode for some time, capture the log in,
then turn it off because it's it's just
sign in, right?
So we don't want to be logging PII data
into these logs, OK?
The, you know, date of births,
things like that.
We we don't want that log logged into our
logs.
So that's why I'm hesitant to.
All right, yeah, enable the face logging,
OK.
What else?
So we got the, went through the policies,
went through the logging and went to the
API.
How do you configure the MFA in this XML,
Linuka?
So yeah, yeah,
it's just B to C have these.
So if you go back to that journey, right,
So user journey, it's good here.
So you can see.
So we read the user verification and this
is the one factor policy.
So you can see if you go into it.
OK,
it's I think it's coming from a base
policy, so it's not here.
Let's look this one in.
Yeah, So you can see.
Yeah.
So this is out of the box Microsoft MFA
OK provider and we've just used it pretty
much.
So this is how we use it.
So that if you go.
So we basically enable that is anything.
Yeah, that's it.
We haven't done any customization which
is enabled.
Yeah, it,
it just works just out of the box.
So when you created the user policy
itself, it will ask you to enable it.
Where where it will ask you to enable it.
It's a user journey, right?
Oh, user journey.
Yeah, in the user journey.
So we've enabled,
we've said that use this profile.
When we use this profile, it does the MFA,
ask for MFA.
OK.
That's how it pretty much works.
If there is any issue,
if the user doesn't receive the code,
yeah.
How do we,
how do we handle that like debug it or I
don't think we can handle it unless if
you see any errors.
So I think the first place to start is
look at the BTC logs, right?
If you find error or something, yeah.
Otherwise, raise a support ticket, OK,
with Microsoft because because we we it's
not our implementation, right?
It's yeah, Microsoft implementation.
And Microsoft that's sending the text and
verifying it.
Yeah, that's all done by Microsoft.
You don't do it.
OK.
So any issue with the MFA,
I would go to Microsoft.
All right.
Yeah.
It's been reliable.
I haven't seen any issues.
But if you see any issues,
I think just look at the logs and if you
don't find it in anything, just raise,
get the Azure team to raise a support
ticket.
OK, yeah, I think we're up for time.
So I'm working on the dev end.
So next,
next session we'll go about the
deployment side deep dive into the we
haven't gone to the pipelines yet, right.
So we'll deep dive into the pipelines and
how things get deployed and how the dev
in this configured and we'll do some
debugging.
And so I think pretty been pretty been
myself's going to race so so is there.
Devint app service is still not created,
so, so we,
we see resource group environment,
but for Devint, we're going to share it.
So,
so you can see there's a dev API and
there will be another API here called
Devint and we'll use that.
So it, it's a slightly different pattern.
So I'll next session I'll take you
through the standard pattern and then the
sharing pattern as well.
Yeah, having will post for today.
All right.